[SPEAKER_09]: With Airsack Boy's last numbered mainline console release, you have only but a few short weeks left to live.
[SPEAKER_09]: LittleBigPlanet 1 was one of my first personal forays into YouTube content creation, and the videos are still accessible from 15 years ago.
[SPEAKER_09]: Please allow me to take this moment of silence from my youth and naivete.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is the weekly reminder that now you're older than you ever have been.
[SPEAKER_09]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about LittleBigPlanet 3 and the rest of the week's gaming news.
[SPEAKER_09]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now you're even older from when Jason started that intro.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again here with episode number 1020 of our show for tonight, October the 13th.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, hello, how are you?
[SPEAKER_03]: It is what it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm still dealing with the dermatitis.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh yeah, and that whole thing you talked about last week.
[SPEAKER_03]: I spent a day not wearing my watch, which feels weird.
[SPEAKER_03]: I rely on my Apple Watch for a lot of stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I think it was acting as a heat source because a lot of the bumps on my arm are going away.
[SPEAKER_03]: Basically, I'm itchy wherever I'm warm.
[SPEAKER_06]: You're reminding me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I needed to check where I was at with my stand hours.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ooh, I'm barely cutting it right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: My Apple Watch is good for nagging me to get up off my ass, literally.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, I've been leaning back on ice packs.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have used, I have prescription hydrocortisone.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have this steroid cream.
[SPEAKER_03]: And even a week later, I'm still dealing with it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Although, you know, contact dermatitis can take a while.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a histamine reaction.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's immunoresponse.
[SPEAKER_03]: So...
[SPEAKER_03]: It's still annoying.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm going to ballet tomorrow anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I'm glad you're at least improving from where you were at last week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, it's a lot better.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hardcore drugs.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, I'm just kidding.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, it's not on my face anymore.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now I'm just having to repair all the damage that it did to my face.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I do, with your fake face, I do love your VTuber.
[SPEAKER_06]: Your VTuber's in a very casual Halloween sort of outfit.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think I'm liking it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's cute.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm still working on the ferret body, so I just took off the ferret shading because there's a weird place where it cuts off on the arms.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I'm getting into the spirit, you know.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not Friday, but it is the 13th, so in the spirit of things, I'm all skellified up.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, perfect.
[SPEAKER_03]: And if you are not here with us live, sorry about it.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, well, we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
[SPEAKER_06]: And when you're here live with us, you can chat along with us where Mike Deft came up with a new tagline for the show based on what we were saying, where every gamer has a voice and is old.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is correct.
[SPEAKER_06]: As 2100 Matt follows that up going, where we all belong in a museum.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're the vintage podcast.
[SPEAKER_06]: The best damn wine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Meaning, wine, why?
[SPEAKER_06]: Why won't Nintendo announce a new console?
[SPEAKER_06]: Why can't I get a sequel to The Guardian Legend?
[SPEAKER_06]: Why?
[SPEAKER_01]: I tried to play, but my carpal tunnel kept me from playing.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sorry, carpal tunnel syndrome.
[SPEAKER_03]: Everyone has a carpal tunnel, but not everyone has the syndrome.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, that's true.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby Blackwell points out Nintendo did announce a new console.
[SPEAKER_06]: They did.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're going to talk about that in just a minute.
[SPEAKER_06]: But first, we have to say hello to Tech Master Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: Who else is going to bring us the news about it?
[SPEAKER_06]: Hi, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_06]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm pretty good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Enjoying some racing games I see behind you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Although that's that's a newer indie game, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, it's Victory Heat Rally.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Is that a game you've actually been playing or just one you're like, no, of course I don't play games.
[SPEAKER_06]: We talk about this.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, you do.
[SPEAKER_06]: You play one game and a lot of it.
[SPEAKER_06]: One game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I saw you put out a new video for fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's all work.
[SPEAKER_06]: I saw you put out a new video.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I did.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was on just a shop.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was trying to kill time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, not kill time, but I was trying to put an episode while I'm still working on other things.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I have a major part of the park that's the theme park that I'm building is being worked on right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'm still not ready to put that out yet.
[SPEAKER_08]: So in the meantime, I was bored, so I built a shop.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so I put that out as an episode.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, just to reset that clock to keep my sanity.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, that's okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's probably good to put out the little filler content now and then between the big project that you're working on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Out of curiosity, do you do shorts?
[SPEAKER_06]: The YouTube shorts?
[SPEAKER_08]: Not often, just because it's hard for me to keep stuff within that one minute time frame.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now that they've extended it to three minutes, I will probably use it a lot more.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, I didn't know that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, it's either this week or soon that they're updating it to three minutes.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a game changer.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, so that'll help a lot because a lot of my time lapses fit within that time frame.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a lot more clips that I can fit within that time frame that'll be a lot easier.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's trying to condense stuff down to one minute was just really hard on a lot of these builds and things.
[SPEAKER_06]: It also makes it a lot easier to cross-promote and cross- post with other similar things like TikTok and Instagram, so that's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, TikTok sucks for me too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, I've tried that and...
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, it's nothing.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't get a lot of... Maybe it's just the algorithm.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't get a lot of video gaming content on there at all.
[SPEAKER_06]: And maybe that's just because... You have to follow more gamers.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Actually, now that those words have left my mouth, you know what I do get all of the time?
[SPEAKER_06]: Dead by Daylight people.
[SPEAKER_06]: I get a lot of Dead by Daylight clips.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I found some very interesting people on there.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's this one.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think she's one of the best...
[SPEAKER_06]: uh explaining how she's playing the game of course I don't remember her name in the moment isn't Mish I want to say her name was not to be confused with our own chatter um but she does like explanations as she's looping killers and stuff it's probably one of the best at like multitasking explaining her logic while she's playing the game I was very impressed I missed LC doing that LC was really good at that too yeah they were they were
[SPEAKER_06]: but I understand you know streaming is a hobby and people come and people go and that is what it is so um let's see Bobby Blackwell says you don't necessarily need to follow people but if you search out gaming videos and like some of them it will show more of all the social media algorithms I find TikToks to be the best to actually respecting what you like as well as respecting what you mark as not interested oh that's true I do love the not interested button because I've gotten a few of those where I'm like please don't ever show me this again so
[SPEAKER_06]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good to know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, let's get into not just social media, but talking about what is going on in the gaming world.
[SPEAKER_06]: And as we mentioned, Nintendo did announce new hardware this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, do you want to tell us about what was not the Switch 2, unfortunately?
[SPEAKER_06]: This is in the Switch too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Remember all those leaks?
[SPEAKER_06]: Get your clown makeup, everybody, that fell for this.
[SPEAKER_06]: How many people are making up leaks?
[SPEAKER_06]: But they were like, oh yeah, they're going to announce the Switch successor on October 10th.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's coming.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, they're not.
[SPEAKER_06]: They were never going to do that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it's funny as hell that they announced this instead, I believe, on October 10th, if my math is right.
[SPEAKER_06]: So they were half right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Womp womp.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, it was actually Thursday, I believe, when they launched.
[SPEAKER_08]: Which was the 10th!
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, Thursday would have been... I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was Wednesday.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was the 9th.
[SPEAKER_08]: So it was the 9th, not the 10th.
[SPEAKER_08]: My mistake.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: They announced Alarmo.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alarmo.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's the clock.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a clock that is...
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, it's neat.
[SPEAKER_06]: What about cats?
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what I want to know.
[SPEAKER_08]: Or cats, yeah, cats could set it up.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm the first one to get up, always.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that part wouldn't really bother me, but it's the cats, that part I'm concerned about.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because the cats get on and off the bed all frickin' night.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's the part where I'm like, hmm.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, so you can buy this at physical Nintendo World locations, or for people that are subscribed to Switch Online, you can pre-order it, which I think it's sold out already, and that'll be shipping 2025.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's got 35 scenes taken from different Nintendo games, and they have different wake-up modes, like gentle or steady.
[SPEAKER_08]: So as, like...
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, listen!
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey!
[SPEAKER_08]: Listen!
[SPEAKER_08]: Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild, Animal Crossing, New Horizons, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: They said there's going to be more free updates later on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Update your alarm clock via Wi-Fi.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's $100.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's what we do now.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's $100.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um, so, neat?
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: You want that Nintendo nostalgia, everybody?
[SPEAKER_06]: You better get up and pay.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it's neat.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: It just... Sorry, SG100 Matt.
[SPEAKER_06]: SG100 Matt in chat, brilliant comment.
[SPEAKER_06]: Animal Crossing, where Mr. Resetti yells at you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even if Mr. Resetti never really had a voice, per se, I would still just like the really loud... ...
[SPEAKER_06]: That would be incredible.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do.
[SPEAKER_06]: I want to motor a Resetti LZU.
[SPEAKER_06]: Future DLC, please.
[SPEAKER_06]: Dark Tetsuya says at least the DLC is free.
[SPEAKER_06]: I didn't even consider that they could charge for Alarm Clock DLC and that's the hellscape we'd be living in in 2024.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean...
[SPEAKER_06]: Tiger Claw.
[SPEAKER_08]: Nothing says that there isn't going to be paid DLC down the road.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tiger Claw in chat says, how good is the sleep tracking?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because you want more than just how many hours you were in the bed.
[SPEAKER_06]: Does it track any of the other stuff like the sleep cycle?
[SPEAKER_06]: It did not occur to me until Tiger Claw made that comment that Nintendo and its affiliates are obsessed with watching you sleep.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm not going to sit here with the phone in the bed or this separate device that's really awkward to have in the bed with me and the cats and all that stuff and have this separate device to track my sleep.
[SPEAKER_06]: If it were to integrate with the sleep tracking that already occurs on my watch, maybe I would be interested.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, call my bluff.
[SPEAKER_06]: Guess what Pokemon sleep patched in in the last couple weeks?
[SPEAKER_06]: It now will import tracking from your watch.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, there's always been Chinese, but it will now do Apple.
[SPEAKER_06]: It does Apple Health.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's syncing with Apple Health and I assume whatever the Google equivalent is.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so your watch.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it does Apple Watch sleep tracking now.
[SPEAKER_06]: So you just don't get the random sound effects.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can't hear yourself fart in the middle of the night because the device isn't randomly recording that, which really is a blessing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or in my case, it was always the cats.
[SPEAKER_06]: Whatever it would record, you'd just hear like... That's what you were hearing recorded.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, it's if I don't hear that enough at 4 a.m.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm just saying, Nintendo's obsessed...
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean...
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_06]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_06]: Nintendo is now in your bedroom watching you sleep.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just, yeah, I worry that, you know, having something that's based off of motion tracking, yeah, do they know cats exist?
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, or animals exist?
[SPEAKER_06]: Dogs are worse in that department, as I understand it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not a dog owner, but.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I just can't imagine that that would be
[SPEAKER_08]: I hope they have a manual mode where it's like, okay, I have to hit the light on top to shut the alarm off or something like that so that it's not motion-sensitive.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then also, going to the sleep tracking, that's really the only thing I could see that they would be tracking is just your movement, which, I mean, I can't imagine that it'd be very accurate at all.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will say this much.
[SPEAKER_06]: As much as I think a lot of us can look at this and go, LOL, a clock, I think there's that part of me that sort of understands that Nintendo is without new hardware this year, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: We know the Switch 2 is not happening this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, I, I, I see that like Nintendo's kind of cashing in on that nostalgia so that their financials can be boosted a bit this year, because let's be real, they're probably going to sell Switch systems, but they're not going to sell as many as they have in previous years.
[SPEAKER_06]: They'll still sell some, and maybe there'll be like a new bundle this year to try to get people's attention.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, they'll, they'll, they'll do like a Mario Party bundle that has that new Jamboree or whatever it's called, you know, to just try to get more people in.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that's, that's, that's where that ends.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I know, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: Or an advanced class or something.
[SPEAKER_08]: You want to talk about selling like hotcakes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I don't know why they're resistant to do that, but maybe it's one of those.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's expensive to me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm like, the Nintendo hard, like I understand the whole it's hard to make, it's expensive, but I'm like the track record should show that like Nintendo could make it and it's not going to flop.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's not going to flop.
[SPEAKER_08]: Basically, it would be essentially the same hardware.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, yeah, it would be slightly more expensive because there would be a screen involved.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, like, how expensive really is a small LCD screen?
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, it can be very expensive.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, there's one on the clock!
[SPEAKER_08]: Right, exactly.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's one on the clock.
[SPEAKER_08]: Perfect example.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, you sell the system for $100.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um...
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, you could essentially have... I mean, even like the Game & Watch.
[SPEAKER_08]: The Game & Watch things that they had, they were $50 at a really small LCD screen.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's all you'd probably need.
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe something slightly bigger.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not that expensive.
[SPEAKER_08]: And the hardware to run it is essentially the same thing that you had with those classic consoles or whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: I suppose making it run off a battery would be extra expensive.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, they could...
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: It's been a while.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: And here's my reasoning behind that.
[SPEAKER_06]: After so many years, there'd be a new audience for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: And hell, half the people that wanted to buy it couldn't anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: Remember, those things were impossible to get.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Bobby's talking about buying them off the treasure truck.
[SPEAKER_06]: Those things are very hard to find.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I think a second printing of those would do very well.
[SPEAKER_06]: And here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: All you have to do, this would piss people off, but five years, six years after the fact, they're going to be less angry about it.
[SPEAKER_06]: You do things with it you didn't do the first time.
[SPEAKER_06]: And there's two...
[SPEAKER_06]: Three, now that I think about it, three things they could easily do, easily do that would make this thing, people would buy it all over again.
[SPEAKER_06]: Number one, add internet play to it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just like the Switch, Switch Online does internet play on their games.
[SPEAKER_06]: In fact, it would be even cooler if you could do internet play with Switch Online, but I'm not going to go that far.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not going to, but just add online so I could play Classic at home with, you know, Loki or DarkSakura, the Classic at their house.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's number one thing they could do.
[SPEAKER_06]: Number two, just add five more games.
[SPEAKER_06]: just add five more games like you know get get get the right licensing you could even get Konami is like bargain basementing their entire archive right now like look at all the like new Castlevania stuff that's come out partner up with Konami to add like five or ten classic additional games to the archive do it right there or number three and here's the one they would never do
[SPEAKER_06]: They would never do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm going to say it anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to be ridiculous and say it anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because what did the Atari flashback do?
[SPEAKER_06]: Which, by the way, there's been like fucking nine Atari flashbacks.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nine.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they finally finished the flashback, per se.
[SPEAKER_06]: But they're still cranking out Ataris every year with something.
[SPEAKER_06]: And how did they get to nine flashback consoles?
[SPEAKER_06]: Homebrew.
[SPEAKER_06]: They embraced the homebrew community and started adding homebrew games to it and that whole type of thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, what do you think?
[SPEAKER_06]: Pixel poops number two as if Nintendo would ever embrace a game with that title.
[SPEAKER_06]: They would never.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sorry, but let's imagine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's put on the hat of ludicrousness.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's put on the hat of ludicrousness for a minute.
[SPEAKER_04]: The hat of ludicrousness.
[SPEAKER_06]: and just imagine Nintendo puts Pixel Poops number two on the NES classic number two and actually embraces the homebrew community and then like oh my god all these new NES games people would eat that shit up they literally and they would they would love it so
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, no, what's funny, Bobby, no, I did not watch the Atari 50 DLC yet.
[SPEAKER_06]: I literally am thinking about how the flashback was put out nine times.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Did it have it coming?
[SPEAKER_06]: It had it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It ran into my target.
[SPEAKER_06]: It ran into my target nine times.
[SPEAKER_08]: well and like I understand like that they may be worried I guess that it would cannibalize like the value of the any the Nintendo online service which I don't think so because I think people would buy that stuff especially if we were talking like a Game Boy or something like that people would still buy that even if they had a Switch already they would just buy everything that Nintendo puts out for a lot of the stuff so I don't know if that would necessarily cannibalize a lot of things I don't know
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Probably not ever going to happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby's talking about the flashback embracing homebrew in the DLC videos.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, you know what actually is probably bringing it front of mind is that I've been on this retro gaming kick that's the whole YouTube thing I'm building and all that stuff lately.
[SPEAKER_06]: And what is interesting is that retro achievements actually...
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know what you're talking about.
[SPEAKER_06]: But at the same time, I understand homebrew has got a big community.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I don't want to poo-poo on the homebrew stuff because they do good work.
[SPEAKER_06]: But maybe that's what had homebrew in front of mind for me a little bit too.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, no matter how I got there, I still say the NES Classics could sell 50 million more of them.
[SPEAKER_06]: Another number I just made up by including homebrew as one of the three easy fucking changes they can make.
[SPEAKER_06]: Easy fucking changes they can make.
[SPEAKER_06]: SG-100 Matt also points out if Nintendo cared about game preservation, these classic systems are the easiest thing they can do.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just saying.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I don't know if the first part of your statement is a truthful statement when it comes to Nintendo, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we'll debate that another day.
[SPEAKER_06]: In the meantime, we'll get into our gaming weeks and the types of games.
[SPEAKER_08]: They care about preservation.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's why they have a museum.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now all of you are going to get sued.
[SPEAKER_06]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, that's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: They have the museum where you can pay an admission fee to care about preservation.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, let's get in and talk about preserving our gaming weeks for all time here on the archive of this program.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_06]: What video games you've been playing this week?
[SPEAKER_06]: I think DarkSakura may have... Oh, I just got texted audio problems.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll just come back to DarkSakura in a minute when I know she's back.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll go to Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_08]: My gaming week was Minecraft as usual.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I've been working on the next big expansion to my theme park, which is the boardwalk.
[SPEAKER_08]: And as part of that, I've been working on creating functional midway attractions.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I have...
[SPEAKER_08]: it's I guess I don't know what you call it I guess it's like the pop the balloon game thing like the clowns that you squirt the water in the mouse except obviously you can't do that in Minecraft so the equivalent is throwing snowballs at a target to light up lights um arrows would have been my guess but okay yeah
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, something like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I have that created already.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm also working on one now.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's one of those horse racing games where you dunk baskets and it makes the little horse move along.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so I'm actually getting that pretty far along as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'm going to be adding those in.
[SPEAKER_08]: I added a roller coaster based off of the West Coaster at the Santa Monica Pier.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: Out the top of it and stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: It looks really cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: Kind of like one of those big inflatable gorillas that you see on the top of car dealerships or something like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: The next episode is going to be pretty big because there's a lot of stuff to do.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like I said, still trying to work on timing and everything because I have a lot to do before the end of the season.
[SPEAKER_08]: I've got a couple weeks off in November to work exclusively on that stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then...
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I think it's coming along, so it should be pretty exciting.
[SPEAKER_08]: Look for that very soon.
[SPEAKER_06]: I hate you're taking a vacation from work to do more work, but at the same time, I guess Thanksgiving, we all like doing that work better than work work, you know?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's like, I don't know, they're having us come into the office for three days for funsies.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's like, okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_06]: Which, by the way, speaking of Thanksgiving, before I forget, because I will forget, happy Canadian Thanksgiving to our friends up north tomorrow, if I remember right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yay Canada!
[SPEAKER_06]: Which we hear DarkSakura again, so I know you're back.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, hello, how was your gaming week, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_06]: SoloQ SoloQ
[SPEAKER_03]: Swift.
[SPEAKER_03]: It works in a custom match with, well, one other person anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I can play killer.
[SPEAKER_03]: I got a 5k on pig.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not even trying.
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: My glider doesn't show up all the time so it just looks like I've got my hands over my head with big O hands and that's kind of weird.
[SPEAKER_03]: I went back to playing Sailor Moon Another Story for Super Famicom which is my retro game I've been playing.
[SPEAKER_03]: and I finished Sailor Mars's story I will be starting on Sailor Jupiter's story next week of course I did not do my normal polya stream on Friday because it was the start of Yom Kippur so I was massively incommunicado until sundown last night so um
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm going to say this right now, people.
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't wish someone a happy Yom Kippur, okay?
[SPEAKER_03]: Just wish them a good holiday.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: I also played around with some other games.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was going to start one of the Berserk games, but it's not playing right.
[SPEAKER_03]: I may actually just have to bust out my Dreamcast and play through the Japanese version again.
[SPEAKER_03]: you know just doing a few things here and there playing some Klonoa I love Klonoa but it's so depressing and yeah and the Suika game of course because I'm kind of stupidly addicted to that torture alright good times yeah SSJ100 Matt agrees not a happy holiday
[SPEAKER_06]: My gaming week has kind of been in two bits.
[SPEAKER_06]: I am still trucking along with my retro thing for YouTube.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did a thing for two weeks.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_06]: I haven't broke my streak yet.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I've made more videos than the last time I tried to do something like this, which was like 10 years ago.
[SPEAKER_06]: So this week I put some more videos up on two Atari 2600 games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did H-E-R-O for the 2600, which is a fun little helicopter rescue game that I remember from when I was younger.
[SPEAKER_06]: and then we did a game called Frostbite which is kind of like it's like Frogger but a little bit different so we did that and then we did the original Mario Brothers not Super but original Mario Brothers with the pipes and everything for the Nintendo Entertainment System I did videos on all those for this week so you can check that out on my YouTube channel which is Rob Roberts Plays over on YouTube don't go to just Rob Roberts because he makes guns apparently is the other Rob Roberts so Rob Roberts Plays is where you would go to see those videos
[SPEAKER_06]: and then pretty much all of my gaming week as far as newer games go Diablo 4 because and with good reason this isn't just Rob plays the same thing over and over I mean it is a little bit but it's also we got an expansion this week so Vessel of Hatred was out this week and so I've been playing with the new expansion and all of that still not through the main story yet I think I'm getting close but I'm not done with the main story yet but yeah they added I mean
[SPEAKER_06]: I will say for as much shit as the Diablo 4 team was getting for putting out an expansion a year after the game came out...
[SPEAKER_06]: I will admit they must have a ton of developers on this game because the expansion is pretty stacked with additional content like it's not just the fact they have a whole new story in it but they have these whole new systems like there's this undercity dungeon which is a way to get you know it's kind of like leveling of a different type where you get certain types of gear rewards at the end with that they have the whole dark citadel is a new thing I haven't touched yet you know they have so they and that they'd be rebalancing a lot of skills and jobs and classes and things so there's there's a lot of
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a lot of that going on so far.
[SPEAKER_06]: Where there's like just all these different systems and things to get into.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, QuestBuster says, I've been enjoying it so far.
[SPEAKER_06]: The Spiritborn class is pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've only touched Spiritborn a little bit because the other day, Grandpa Warcraft crashed my stream.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was streaming it one day this week and Grandpa Warcraft came in and crashed my stream, which I haven't talked to him in a while, like live on stream.
[SPEAKER_06]: And he really wanted to play Diablo with me, but I'm like, do you own the expansion?
[SPEAKER_06]: He's like, no, but we can still play, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was like, okay, okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's the best way for me to play with Matt.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're going to play hardcore mode.
[SPEAKER_06]: So hardcore mode in Diablo 4 is if you die in the game, you die in real life.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, that's not really what it is, but that's why I keep joking it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hardcore mode is if you die in the game, that's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Character deleted, gone, deleted.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I think it would be the funniest thing to get him killed in a hardcore mode.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we only got to about level 5 until I had to end the stream because dinner was done.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I started as Spiritborn so I could play that.
[SPEAKER_06]: And he rolled a freaking Sorcerer, which is like the squishiest of all of the characters.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's going to be really funny when we pick that stream up again.
[SPEAKER_06]: He will die before level 15.
[SPEAKER_06]: Guarantee.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: are characters that are mumbling in what sounds like a made-up language.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if it's supposed to be Latin or Armaic or some really, really ancient type of language sort of thing in these cutscenes, but it sounds made up.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't want to say it's a made-up language and then find out it actually is a real language and I'm just too uneducated to know what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: but I would say there's a lot of scenes where characters are doing various incantations you know because Diablo 4 is about hell it's all these like demon summoning things that are going on all the time or like stopping demon summonings or summoning something else that's not a demon but probably is a demon anyway there's way too much of that happening in various cutscenes so I would say that is probably the best criticism of Diablo 4 I've seen yet is way too much mumbling of demonic incantations
[SPEAKER_06]: so that's that's where I am with that ambiance Rob ambiance yeah but it's sort of it's like if if a character's doing it in the background that's ambiance but if you happen to listen to somebody go on and on for 30 seconds every five minutes yeah it gets to be a lot I just thought of a drag name what I'm Beyonce I'm Beyonce I thought you were gonna say Amber Amber aunts I don't know no I'm Beyonce
[SPEAKER_03]: Who could probably hang out with my friends to lingerie.
[SPEAKER_06]: What about Amber Unce?
[SPEAKER_06]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: On Beyoncé.
[SPEAKER_03]: Fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's on Beyoncé.
[SPEAKER_06]: Questbuster in chat says it's like some kind of themed language and yes there's quite a bit of it I'm like I get it Narelle you're chanting yes exactly it's not just her like at least three characters what's their job in the game demonic chants what it's constant noise that doesn't stop as a murmur that's hell while you're standing in line
[SPEAKER_06]: for a ride that breaks down when you get to the front.
[SPEAKER_06]: Right.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: Only to find out that you have to draw a number for the next line.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's get into the rest of the gaming news this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Usually I would say housekeeping, show schedule, things like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't have a lot to say right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: So let's just get into the next story.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, got to leak them all.
[SPEAKER_08]: So...
[SPEAKER_08]: Apparently, Game Freak has been hacked and a bunch of their data has been leaked out.
[SPEAKER_08]: What people are calling a giga leak or terra leak or whatever the case may be.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a lot of data that's been leaked.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hold on real quick.
[SPEAKER_06]: Is it a leak?
[SPEAKER_06]: I was getting into this at the end of Bobby's show tonight when he did the toss call.
[SPEAKER_06]: Is it a leak when somebody purposely drilled a hole in the wall?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because this information was stolen.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's call it what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: This information was stolen.
[SPEAKER_06]: It sounds like through some sort of phishing thing, this whole thing was stolen.
[SPEAKER_06]: Is that really a leak or is that a giga theft at this point?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a leak of information because it is bypassed the threshold for which they had put in place.
[SPEAKER_03]: If you have someone sabotaging a boat by poking a hole in it, it's still a leak.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: It just seems the terminology is a little weird to me, but that's fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, I also want to say this because some people would frown on us giving this light of day because it is stolen information.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's the reality.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're a talk show about video games, gaming culture, and gaming lifestyle.
[SPEAKER_06]: And gaming culture is that people steal things.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, that's not it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Unfortunately, maybe there's some truth in that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the reality is people on social media are talking about this a lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: Y'all know my buddy Shane, who's been on the show many times, loves Pokemon, and has been blowing up my phone all weekend with stuff coming out of this, which has been interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't mean that in a negative way, because it's been interesting, some of the stuff that's coming out of this.
[SPEAKER_06]: I invited him on the show tonight, by the way, to talk about this.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, can I get a Pokemon expert, please, to come on the show?
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was declined, so that he could go raid in Final Fantasy XIV, because that's what friendship is.
[SPEAKER_06]: But, I will just say, I did invite a real expert to come on and talk tonight, but I will do my best with Loki and DarkSakura to get through what is out there.
[SPEAKER_06]: So anyway, yeah, exactly, PrincePeachFuzz, I haven't seen that name in a while, hihi, says in chat, saying it's already out on the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, however the leak was done, whether it was accidental or, you know, not so much, it's out there.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, I...
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not going to show you pictures or video because we're just not going to do that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But if you want to go find it, it's out there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, sorry, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just wanted to address that up front before the comments come in.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, no worries.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, so, I mean, a lot of it is just kind of...
[SPEAKER_08]: basic information that's not necessarily super important, like, you know, code names and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So apparently, though, there is some stuff that has leaked out, some source code that's leaked out.
[SPEAKER_08]: So the fifth generation games like HeartGold and SoulSilver have had their source leaked.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wow, you just made PowWorld's job easier.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ba-dum-bum-psh.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have apparently the code name for the
[SPEAKER_08]: the new console that Nintendo's working on called Ounce.
[SPEAKER_08]: Amber Ounce!
[SPEAKER_08]: Take that with an ounce of salt, I guess.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then apparently there's also some mention or references to a codename Gaia.
[SPEAKER_08]: Also, you know,
[SPEAKER_06]: I believe that's Gen 10.
[SPEAKER_06]: Gaia's Generation 10, I believe.
[SPEAKER_08]: Gen 10, and then also something called Synapse.
[SPEAKER_08]: So there's all your code names.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sure it's spoiled so many things for you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wait, you mean they're making a new mainline Pokemon game?
[SPEAKER_06]: What?
[SPEAKER_08]: And it's gonna be on the successor to the Switch?
[SPEAKER_08]: What?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's gonna be spin-off games too?
[SPEAKER_07]: what?
[SPEAKER_08]: apparently there's also they said that there's been leaked details about the upcoming anime series, the live action spinoffs including plot details for the second Detective Pikachu film I'm sure that the spoilers for the next Detective Pikachu film will be that Ryan Reynolds does things and then let's see, also potentially a live action movie codenamed Game Boy
[SPEAKER_06]: all these codenames man learning so much okay okay but now you know why now you know why they use codenames because this is a wonderful case and point why they use codenames because even though all of this got out it still doesn't tell us that much food for thought anyway yeah
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, and then as I mentioned, HeartGold and SoulSilver leaked, as well as the code for Black 2 and White 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, and then of course, the Pokemon Company has released a statement saying that, you know, over 2,000 pieces of employee data were subject to unauthorized access by a third party, and it says we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience and concern this may have caused to all concerned.
[SPEAKER_06]: As I understand it, I just want to point out, because this is very interesting to me.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is the part I'm not sure a lot of people are going to lay up and frame, and I just kind of want to shine a light on this.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think this is very interesting that when Game Freak acknowledges the hack, they talk about the leak of the employee data, which is a very negative thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: kind of thing, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: That's like a big no-no.
[SPEAKER_06]: There may have been acknowledgement or something about the game data, but they are quick to put a light on the employee data that was stolen because that's probably the part where if they ever wanted to prosecute the people that did this, they would want to focus on that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But there's been some really weird, and again, I'm going to openly admit, I'm not sure how this all works because I am not in the
[SPEAKER_06]: and DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_06]: There is nothing about, like, so it confirms this stuff about Gen 10 being on Switchu, but apparently there is further information about Gen 10, and most importantly, Pokemon Legends Z to A apparently has a lot of stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: The hackers are not publishing anything about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: They are keeping that under wraps.
[SPEAKER_06]: which I find fascinating to have the complete lack of ethics.
[SPEAKER_06]: In fact, the opposite of ethics to do what they did and then at the same time have the ethics to say, but we're not going to put out the employee data.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's not what this is about.
[SPEAKER_06]: But Game Freak in their announcement, in spite of that, still says 2,000 employees had their data stolen.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is a layup for wanting to go after this later on in court.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the only thing I want to spotlight.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even though the leakers are not going to put that data out there, Game Freak wants you to know it was stolen.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just thought that was interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's another interesting thing that's apparently happening during this leak is that some information is now... Now, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now that we know it's on the internet, I know this is going to shock you, but some people...
[SPEAKER_06]: Wait for it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some people on the internet lie.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm really sorry.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some people on the internet lie.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some people, they get out of bed in the morning and they say, you know what?
[SPEAKER_06]: Today, I am going to spread misinformation on the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that misinformation might actually be about...
[SPEAKER_06]: Thanks for watching, and I'll see you next time.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: very interesting I would almost I don't know if you would call that the white hat white hat hacking or the the counter leak leaks but now people are making shit up that sounds here comes the word everybody get your shot glass everybody that sounds plausible and mixing it in with the real like leak data so that way the leaks will ultimately get proven to be fake
[SPEAKER_06]: because fake data got mixed in with the real data.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think that's really interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess it's actually not interesting at all, but it's like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's that human behavior element of it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And just like, you know, again, people waking up in the morning and saying, I'm going to go lie to people on the internet today, but I'm doing it for a good reason.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because what I'm doing is I'm helping the Pokemon company from all this, you know, leak or game freak, I should say specifically because those are separate entities.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm helping game freak from what's going on in this situation.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Of course, the chat room is lighting up with, wait, people on the internet lie?
[SPEAKER_06]: What do you do?
[SPEAKER_06]: What?
[SPEAKER_06]: So.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think that part of it is, yeah, that's something.
[SPEAKER_06]: But now you have to take all this stuff that you're seeing out of the leaks with a grain of salt because people are amplifying lies to mix in with the regular leaks.
[SPEAKER_06]: So what at the end of the day does the Giga leak really tell us?
[SPEAKER_06]: Not a lot.
[SPEAKER_03]: Those are people who can't think of a new name.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, and the source code stuff is pretty serious, but they are dated games at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: It will affect the homebrew community probably because that'll be huge for making clone games and things of that sort and hacks and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But at that point, again, it's not like new copies of Black and White 2 are being sold.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, those are the next games in line for a remake, but they'll remake them and they'll still sell because they're remakes.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, I mean, the source code to all that stuff getting leaked is kind of a whatever.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's like a map editor that I know was found as part of like the official Pokemon map editor for I think Gen 3 or something was in this.
[SPEAKER_06]: But again, if you're in the homebrew community, awesome.
[SPEAKER_06]: If not, that doesn't really change anything.
[SPEAKER_06]: These are games that are very, very old at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's an interesting look behind the scene at all of these Pokemon.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: Any game that has ever been made probably had things cut from it that you never got to see.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's why that one website, it's Cutting Room Floor, is that the name of it?
[SPEAKER_06]: I think so.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, that website is fascinating because that website collects all that type of stuff and puts it out there like, hey, here's how the demo of the ROM changed to the real thing and the music they subbed out and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that part, yeah, it's interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: But beyond that,
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, and again, I'm not... I want to make sure I'm clear.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not trying to minimize what these fishers did because they did a fucked up thing that should not be rewarded or applauded or any of that stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I do not want to...
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a reason that information security exists.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, and there's a reason why probably any company you've ever worked for has some form of anti-phishing awareness.
[SPEAKER_06]: If your company is on the internet, you probably take some sort of information security or anti-phishing thing to try to teach you how to not fall for these types of emails.
[SPEAKER_06]: But my understanding is this is getting worse.
[SPEAKER_06]: And you know why it's getting worse?
[SPEAKER_06]: You know what is really fucking up phishing for everybody?
[SPEAKER_06]: AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Tiberi!
[SPEAKER_03]: Fuck yeah!
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, is there just a... Holy smokes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, usually because we're taping a podcast, I don't stop to acknowledge every donation live on Twitch.
[SPEAKER_06]: But when somebody dumps 10 gift subs like Sia Tabiri just did, I have to stop and say thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's really incredible.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you all.
[SPEAKER_03]: You guys... You guys... Thank you, everyone.
[SPEAKER_03]: We love you too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you so much.
[SPEAKER_06]: You guys are the best.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bobby!
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Bobby.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's talk about what is going on with Steam because this is a direct result of some things that have happened in the legal world within the past couple weeks.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, there was a new California law that was signed into law that basically will mandate that companies that sell you things online, sell you a license to things online, will now have to tell you that this is a license and it can be revoked at any time.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's AB 2426.
[SPEAKER_06]: So you won't see buy and purchase games because you're not really buying and purchasing games that they can take away from you.
[SPEAKER_06]: We talked about this whole thing like, wow, you know Ubisoft fucked up really bad when they're passing a law so that it makes it harder for them to do that in the future.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, the first company has come into compliance with this law real quick, and that's Steam.
[SPEAKER_06]: So in the Steam store now, you will see a notice in the bottom right that says when you're going to
[SPEAKER_06]: continue to payment instead of buy you continue to payment it says a purchase of a digital product grants a license for the product on Steam and then it says for full terms and conditions please see the Steam subscriber agreement so so Steam is essentially already moving things into place for that even though technically it doesn't have to be until next year um
[SPEAKER_06]: But I think, you know, when you're Steam, you sort of see the writing on the wall.
[SPEAKER_06]: You realize it's not just the actual court that is moving this direction, meaning California.
[SPEAKER_06]: And, you know, there will be other states that pass similar laws in the coming year, guarantee it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But at the same time, because California passed it and it's very hard to tell on the Internet where somebody is actually coming in from.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: They should have to say this type of thing, that you are only licensing the content because companies are taking things away.
[SPEAKER_06]: And maybe, you know, that's a real issue.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is why physical media is still superior for a lot of people.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even though physical media is getting harder and harder to find as more retail stores are no longer having them on the shelves because people aren't buying them.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: It's interesting that Steam has made this change so early, but I think on one hand, when they know that the court of public opinion is swaying this way, they're just doing it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And do you really think Steam is going to sell any less games because of this?
[SPEAKER_08]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, they won't.
[SPEAKER_06]: Steam is still going to be the behemoth in the PC gaming space.
[SPEAKER_06]: Goggle get to throw some shade and do their thing and maybe get a couple new customers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Which they have.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm sure there are some people reevaluating, hmm, what platform should... And maybe they have gotten a few customers from it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But on the wider picture...
[SPEAKER_06]: This probably is not going to affect things tremendously.
[SPEAKER_06]: So yeah, S2100Matt says, might as well get ahead of it before someone in their basement in New Mexico sues you in a class action suit.
[SPEAKER_06]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like just avoid the legal thing later.
[SPEAKER_06]: Add the statement.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's not a big deal.
[SPEAKER_06]: People are talking about it this week and next week they will have forgotten.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, so another bit to the Humble Games saga.
[SPEAKER_03]: We know that they laid off their entire staff, but now they're bringing in another third party to help support the...
[SPEAKER_03]: operations and restructuring so they are working with Good Games Group which is a new indie publisher that was set up by Alan Patmore and Mark Nash who were former Humble Games leaders to quote further support previously released titles end quote and this is going along with their partnership with the Powell Group that took over their publishing operations so um
[SPEAKER_03]: So, I...
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know how this is going to plan out or what it's going to look like for developers working with them or for any of the current things.
[SPEAKER_03]: But this seems like it's very poorly executed.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hate having anyone laid off and I hate to see a company that I once believed in flounder.
[SPEAKER_03]: But at the same time, this is... It's unsurprising.
[SPEAKER_03]: well it's it almost feels like it's like outsourcing the entire company is what this boils down to which is well what company really is there left yeah right you know they they it's like cutting off your legs and expecting to run a marathon you got to get that outside help to get you to to get down the path right yeah
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, while people are evaluating what stores they shop from this week, this is something to consider.
[SPEAKER_06]: Although, to be fair, Humble Games still raises money for charity, which is important.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's why I was sad.
[SPEAKER_03]: I kind of believed in what they were doing, and now I'm not so sure if they're going to function like any other big profit company in that respect.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, fair.
[SPEAKER_06]: Totally fair.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, well let's move on, Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright So Game Pass is getting an update here pretty soon which is actually coming back to a promise that they had made a while ago saying that eventually you'll be able to play the games that you own through xCloud and now that is a thing that is going to be going into I guess testing in November for Insiders so that's going to be a thing that they're going to be adding to the Game Pass Ultimate members
[SPEAKER_08]: and that'll be pretty cool that you'll be able to play your library that you have um but stream it and not just limited to the stuff that's available in xCloud um very cool I don't know uh they said yeah we're excited to share later this year it's our intent to roll out the ability for Xbox Game Pass Ultimate members to play from the cloud select games that they already own or purchase outside of the Game Pass library um
[SPEAKER_08]: Neat.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's exciting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I seem to remember when they were advertising this before, it was like, oh, this sounds like it could be very interesting that you could play a game that basically is on your Xbox from anywhere else.
[SPEAKER_06]: I thought that was really interesting, but then it just didn't happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: And there was a part of me that was going, well, maybe I misunderstood what they were trying to do.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it is kind of nice to see like, oh, no, they are still going that direction.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I am very curious if some games are going to end up magically excluded from this because of some weird licensing issues.
[SPEAKER_06]: which again, getting your game playable on more screens should be a good thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't think of why a company would not want to cut off from the screen and get additional sales unless there is some strange exclusive agreement, I guess could be a thing that suddenly magically shows up.
[SPEAKER_06]: but um yeah I'll be I I'll check this out when it rolls out you know I I just got a shiny new phone so you know why although I don't think playing games on a touch screen is very fun it's pretty easy now to hook up a bluetooth controller to your phone and do things that way so that might be kind of fun when traveling and things like that so
[SPEAKER_06]: E3BL says worried about latency issues so yeah it's not going to work for every game but maybe something that's a little bit more of a slower pace like we had a joke in the opening tonight about Bellatro that might be a perfect game for something like this the latency is not a huge issue and there's a lot of games that are paced at a slower rate where that might work pretty well to play through the cloud on that
[SPEAKER_08]: What is that, Civ 7?
[SPEAKER_08]: Is that the new one?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh yeah, Civ 7's coming.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yep, good example as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there's some games where it's not as big of a deal where I'd be very curious about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I wouldn't try to play music games or even fighting games.
[SPEAKER_06]: Street Fighter 6.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, would be very difficult.
[SPEAKER_06]: Although the technology's getting better and better.
[SPEAKER_06]: They do that whole... Now they're using AI predictive stuff to try to... Basically like...
[SPEAKER_06]: it's generating three things that can happen based on what you could do at a certain moment and then it reacts to whatever it is you just did like that weird type of thing is what they do now to make the cloud streaming even better so it'll be interesting to see how that develops
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, here's the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not sure how well this would play on the cloud, but Tomb Raider is getting more remasters.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tomb Raider 4, 5, and 6 are getting updated graphics and controls to bring them into modern world.
[SPEAKER_06]: That will be on February 14th, 2025 when this is coming out.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: Also, if you are a trophy whore, you can get 150 trophies on the PlayStation version of the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sure Xbox would have an equivalent thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Actually, no, this is only... Actually, now I see Tomb Raider 4, 5, 6 Remastered is actually only announced right now for PS4 and PS5.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm not sure why Xbox is being cut out, which is weird, but okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe it's just not confirmed for that platform yet.
[SPEAKER_06]: But 150 trophies will be in this.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nods to iconic moments from the series.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you enjoyed the photo mode in the Tomb Raider 1 through 3 remastered, that will be back as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: Also, one reason maybe why I do not recall there ever being a Tomb Raider 6 is because these games were originally released as Tomb Raider The Last Revelation, Tomb Raider Chronicles, and Tomb Raider The Angel of Darkness.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, to be fair, I don't remember any of those games either, so there is that.
[SPEAKER_06]: It does seem like we're getting all these new Tomb Raider games lately, but perhaps that has something to do with the Netflix show Tomb Raider The Legend of Lara Croft.
[SPEAKER_06]: There is also a Lara Croft live show with Phoebe Waller-Bridge, you might remember, who is cast in the role that's being made for Prime Video.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, Lara Croft is famous again, like it's 20 years ago all over again, but I think it's a good character to be coming back.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: It's on their Twatter account.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have said so.
[SPEAKER_03]: I am so looking forward to this.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I think it's a really good time to put on an announcement like this.
[SPEAKER_03]: If you saw Alien Romulus, I don't really want to spoil anything for people.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a very good movie.
[SPEAKER_03]: Definitely go see it.
[SPEAKER_03]: But there are scenes when they're inside this vessel, I'm just going to say.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: and it looks like the scenes were taken right out of Alien Isolation and even the director said he was quite a bit influenced by the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I thought it handled the retrofuturism quite nicely and the character for...
[SPEAKER_03]: Amanda Ripley had been so popular that she made it into a couple of comic series and I think a novel.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so I'm really hoping to see more of her story.
[SPEAKER_03]: I really think this is going to be great.
[SPEAKER_03]: So there have been, of course, releases on mobile and on Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: but I mean and if you haven't played the first game or if you have trouble playing those kinds of games at least watch a playthrough of it it's really good really good and even to me like even watching the game is like watching a movie it's very very cinematic and if they can capture even half of that in a sequel hell yeah sign me the fuck up
[SPEAKER_06]: A lot of people really enjoyed that game, and I'm kind of surprised it's taken them this long to confirm a sequel.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, that is exciting news, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, I think, though, with the relationship the game has with Alien Romulus, the fact that there is actually an Alien TV series, either is it already out yet or is it still in the works?
[SPEAKER_03]: But at any rate, I think that this is a prime time, especially since we just got the Xenomorph, what, last year for Dead by Daylight?
[SPEAKER_03]: and there are a lot more uh just you know aliens really I think being done justice lately and I think this is a a good
[SPEAKER_03]: A good time to have this out.
[SPEAKER_03]: And honestly enough, I try to make my brain forget that Prometheus and its sequel exist because they're stupid.
[SPEAKER_03]: And on top of that, it totally just borked the whole retrofuturism style of the first movie and for Aliens and then some of the other in-universe things.
[SPEAKER_03]: Romulus really nails...
[SPEAKER_03]: what that technology looked like in universe for that time.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, but I think they're going to do it right.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think it's going to be great.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have nothing but positive feelings toward this whole announcement.
[SPEAKER_03]: So let's do it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's get it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's make it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's make it work, people.
[SPEAKER_06]: I also think it's very interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just kind of realized, you know, coming, you know, I didn't intend to pair these things up, but I just talked about Lara Croft and Tomb Raider.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now you're talking about Alien.
[SPEAKER_06]: and both those series are enjoying a bit of a renaissance right now particularly through what's happening in the outside media as you pointed out with Alien and we were talking about the Netflix show for Lara Croft and the Prime show that they're doing as well and then you mentioned Dead by Daylight and I went and who came out who came out like six months after Xenomorph Lara Croft yeah it's kind of it's just funny it's interesting so
[SPEAKER_03]: There's the cop?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, I think so.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think so.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, she's who I have as my skin for Alan Wake, but I don't really enjoy playing anybody but Meg.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, and then Castlevania, Jesus, they added a ton of alts for... But I mean...
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, no, there's not really a lot.
[SPEAKER_03]: They just did the Soma Cruz outfit.
[SPEAKER_03]: And on the rift, if you make it into the deep rift, you get the evil Soma.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's actually an Easter egg in there to unlock a badge for him that's like his Dracula-possessed form.
[SPEAKER_05]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_06]: um polyester did a video on that one recently but you have uh you have one for Simon you have one you have the the Trevor one uh you have Alucard as well and then Soma it must it must be in the agreement between Konami and Dead by Daylight that you have to release a ton of alt skins because I swear the character that had the most alts before that was Cheryl because Cheryl has you know James um
[SPEAKER_03]: I saw the dark ending.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh no, I forgot that that was in there.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's so funny.
[SPEAKER_06]: I need to see that.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want to play it though at some point.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's so cute.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I ended up just like, I'm not going to get the game anytime soon.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because, you know, I'm saving up for stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I just went ahead and watched all the endings.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're very well done, very in the spirit of the originals.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I will tell you this, the UFO ending is different.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll check that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do want to check it out at some point.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is great.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm hearing a lot of good things.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the reason why I say surprisingly is because people haven't had a lot of great faith in Konami the last 10 years.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they earned it.
[SPEAKER_06]: They earned it.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're having a nice run.
[SPEAKER_06]: The Castlevania collections have been really good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Konami's been doing a really good job letting other people handle their shit.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think that's probably the right direction for them.
[SPEAKER_06]: It'll be very interesting to see how this Suikoden thing turns out next year because I believe that...
[SPEAKER_03]: Watch them do Metal Gear as a DLC for Dead by Daylight in the future.
[SPEAKER_06]: You joke, but... I'm not joking, really.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm like, there is a Metal Gear collection that is coming, a Metal Gear Solid collection at some point.
[SPEAKER_06]: We know that's a thing, and I think you're right on the money.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Snake becomes the survivor.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why wouldn't Konami do that?
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the most logical character to add.
[SPEAKER_06]: I want them...
[SPEAKER_03]: I absolutely want them to give me Richter.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, by the way, can I take a quick detour on the Dead by Daylight front?
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's also Orange Lounge Studio.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is Halloween.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, they had a partnership with, what is it, Madrinas?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like an energy, coffee, instant drink sort of company.
[SPEAKER_03]: And
[SPEAKER_03]: I got the Dead by Daylight collection drink that they did, and I don't like it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's supposed to be like a chocolate-covered orange flavor.
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, I'm not going to say it's not delicious, but it's just weird and I'm just trying to finish it up so I can put the container back in my collector's box.
[SPEAKER_03]: I did get the shaker with it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I have a code for cosmetics that I already own.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, fair.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I wanted to get that out of the way since that whole thing had gone down.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, and I want to go check it out.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because Bobby was sending me pictures.
[SPEAKER_06]: Him and his wife, he went to one of the sushi places, the same chain out there that's doing like a limited edition.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess the actual sushi restaurant is a node in the game that gives you a special thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can get special seedlings, I guess, like collectible ones.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then there actually is like themed collectible stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's interesting to see how this game stuff goes out in the real world.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that's, you know, going back to the top.
[SPEAKER_06]: Talk about Nintendo and Alarmo.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's, you know, the characters.
[SPEAKER_03]: AVIL, this is not an instant coffee.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is a drink mix.
[SPEAKER_05]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like an energy drink mix or something.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a powder.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not an instant coffee.
[SPEAKER_03]: It doesn't really have... I've had some good instant coffees, especially some of the Japanese and Korean brands are actually really good.
[SPEAKER_03]: This just is like chocolate-covered orange beverage with some weird coffee aftertaste.
[SPEAKER_07]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it froths up when you blend it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's very frothy.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Bobby corrects me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess the seedling is not collectible.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just what they call a gold seedling, which means you only have to walk 100 steps to grow it versus 10,000.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's kind of disappointing because I think I have most of the sushi ones at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll still go and check it out at some point.
[SPEAKER_02]: Will you walk 10,000 steps and then walk 10,000 more?
[SPEAKER_06]: I walked 10,000 steps yesterday, but I don't think I'll walk 10,000 more today.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have to see how our team's doing on the challenge.
[SPEAKER_06]: I might need to carry us again this week and go walk 4,000 after the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was doing the song.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know you were, but I took it literally.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's supposed to be my problem.
[SPEAKER_03]: I sent you a picture of the frothy drink.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll put it where people can see it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, good job.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby finished the challenge for us.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good job.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, why don't you tell us about this very interesting thing happening on the Nintendo front?
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, you want to test something for Nintendo?
[SPEAKER_08]: We're not going to tell you what it is, but you can do it.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can test it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Does that sound interesting to you?
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, if so, it's too late because it's already full.
[SPEAKER_08]: But yeah, Nintendo apparently opened up a performance test for Nintendo Switch Online Playtest program.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's related to a new feature that's going to be coming for the Nintendo Switch Online service.
[SPEAKER_08]: and the requirements were that you have to be over 18, have a registered Nintendo account, and active Nintendo Switch Online and Expansion Pack subscription service.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't know what it is until it leaks out later on, which it probably will.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's supposed to be happening during the week of the 21st is when it's going live on October 23rd.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, they're all under NDA.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you got in on that, you're under an NDA, but that's not going to stop shit.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's not going to stop shit.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's going to get out on that day what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: immediately yeah because somebody will tell their friend that's not going to tell anybody and then they'll immediately log on to social media until everybody yeah they'll just anonymously on social media and just say oh here's what it was you know screenshots or something like that I don't know why and maybe it's just because this is where my narrow focus has been recently but I feel like maybe finally all this time later maybe it's some sort of achievement system maybe
[SPEAKER_06]: GameCubeGames
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, maybe like a whole other system of games?
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, that's pretty much at the limit of what the Switch can probably do.
[SPEAKER_08]: But yeah, Wii games are possible because Wii games ran on the Chinese, the Nvidia Shield thing that they had in China.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was kind of similar.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ran Wii games.
[SPEAKER_08]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: and so that's probably the extent of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: So maybe GameCube or Wii games.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, Melee with online play.
[SPEAKER_06]: Part of a GameCube pack.
[SPEAKER_06]: Uh-oh, that could be huge.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, stay tuned because on October 23rd, it will leak out.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I mean, 100%.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, for sure.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, and before we get to the classic game of the week, again, talking about video game culture a little bit and the impact that games have on society, it's important to mention that the Harris-Walls campaign, of course, presidential campaign, Kamala Harris, Tim Walz, have launched an official Twitch channel.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, the fact that politicians have a Twitch channel is actually not new information because Biden's team has a Twitch channel.
[SPEAKER_06]: In the interest of fairness, I will mention that Trump's team has a Twitch channel.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you want to watch him ramble on and on and on at those dumb rallies, you can watch that on Twitch if you want.
[SPEAKER_06]: They stream that there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Actually, although he was banned.
[SPEAKER_06]: Do you know he was banned from Twitch after January 6th and everything that happened then?
[SPEAKER_04]: Good.
[SPEAKER_06]: But then he was unbanned in July of this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: Probably.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's stupid.
[SPEAKER_06]: I agree, but probably having to do with the fact that now he is the presidential candidate.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not going to go there.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can still ban him.
[SPEAKER_03]: It shouldn't matter.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't disagree, but I'm going to go back and focus on Harrison Walls because, and it's look
[SPEAKER_03]: I did watch some of the rally streaming for them.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I don't believe these folks are perfect, but I believe they're the best thing we've got right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: Especially being an LGBTQIA plus person in this country.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm voting for Conway Harris and Tim Walz because I believe that's the best way for my rights to be protected.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because I can't.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean...
[SPEAKER_06]: And I know there's a lot of talk right now about certain Democratic politicians and some of the frownies that they are causing with some of the things they have had to say about trans issues and so forth.
[SPEAKER_06]: However, I believe that the Democratic tickets have been able to be swayed, petitioned, protested, and kind of come around to the right thing eventually.
[SPEAKER_06]: Case in point, there was a time when Barack Obama did not support gay marriage.
[SPEAKER_06]: That changed.
[SPEAKER_06]: So my point really is that... Do not politically support.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, do not politically support.
[SPEAKER_06]: But anyway, my point is, if Trump is elected president again, these protections are going to be actively taken away.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's not just the scary shit that will happen to trans people, which has happened before from Trump.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's just be clear.
[SPEAKER_06]: Trump took away the right for trans people to be in the military, which is... I mean...
[SPEAKER_06]: there's no reason to do it, none, none reason to do it, none reason to do it except to be a hateful bitch from a numbers point of view that fully weakens our military yes
[SPEAKER_06]: but now what additionally worries me is all of this talk about drag queen brunches and you know this is now the new hot thing that republicans just want to strike down is drag brunches and i why why do they hate brunch they just don't want people to have fun that's it they want to control every everything and not let anyone enjoy life in a way that's meaningful to them it's
[SPEAKER_06]: and I'm not standing for that shit.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is what Trump does.
[SPEAKER_06]: He gets up there and he just hates, hates, hates.
[SPEAKER_06]: He's a fucking hater and I'm not voting for it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz because that is the option where you can actually see that there might be progress in those departments.
[SPEAKER_06]: Again, perfect candidate?
[SPEAKER_06]: No, because I know I'm going to get the email that says, well, Kamala is problematic for the following reasons, blah, blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Believe me,
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm well aware.
[SPEAKER_06]: But third party, not going to fucking happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: She's on a felon.
[SPEAKER_06]: The list of problematics that I have with Jill Stein is actually far longer than what I have with Kamala Harris.
[SPEAKER_06]: I find Jill Stein to be incredibly problematic.
[SPEAKER_06]: But what it really boils down to on that front is that when you're a third party, you do not go directly to the White House.
[SPEAKER_06]: if the Green Party wants to be taken seriously in this country and I fully support there should be more than two political parties but you don't start at the White House you start with
[SPEAKER_06]: A senator, a house of representative, like maybe like one lone representative.
[SPEAKER_08]: Even smaller than that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or a mayor.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's start with mayoral races, governors.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, there might be a mayor somewhere.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just don't want to get corrected on that fact, but there might be a mayor somewhere in some small town.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why is there only one?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, exactly.
[SPEAKER_06]: There are a few.
[SPEAKER_06]: My point is, that is a movement that has to grow outside of a presidential year.
[SPEAKER_06]: And as far as Jill Stein's concerned, when you don't update your Instagram between 2020 and 2024, that says a lot right there about where your priorities lie.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I am not buying what that lady's selling, period.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we go back to, you know what, Kamala Harris, that's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I like Tim Walz a lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: The more he, the more, you know, yeah, anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: I only say that because I realize I'm not, we don't have a very large audience.
[SPEAKER_06]: or whatever, you know, we just have this little podcast.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I do feel some type of responsibility to use this teeny tiny little soapbox that we have to say, please register to vote.
[SPEAKER_06]: And please consider what I'm saying.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even if I'm not going to sway your vote, just consider it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just consider the fact that when you are talking against drag brunches, that's actually something that I'm involved with.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not as a drag performer.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not brunch, but I host variety shows that have drag kings, drag queens, and drag in-betweens, what we call our non-binary pals that do drag.
[SPEAKER_06]: I host shows that do drags of all those different types of things.
[SPEAKER_06]: They want to get rid of that stuff, and I'm telling you, we're not out to target children.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh yes, Harris and Walls and their new Twitch channel.
[SPEAKER_06]: So what makes this one unique is that they actually were playing video games on the stream.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, sorry, it wasn't Kamala Harris and Tim Walls playing Mario Kart or something like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: They, of course, teamed up with Preheat, who is a Twitch content creator who is actually playing World of Warcraft on stream.
[SPEAKER_06]: while a Tim Walz speech was occurring in Arizona.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it was actually side by side.
[SPEAKER_06]: You had kind of what was essentially like the vertical TikTok feed, if you will.
[SPEAKER_08]: The subway surfers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, of Tim Walz.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then you had World of Warcraft going on.
[SPEAKER_06]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_06]: Whatever can help reach more people, it's worth trying.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's true.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura does say Tim Walz did own a Dreamcast.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is true.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: I want a modern political candidate that owns a modern console.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want Tim Walz to be like, hey man, I got a PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_03]: He has his own episode of Pimp My PC or something.
[SPEAKER_06]: Pimp My PC.
[SPEAKER_03]: He's got one of those silent systems with the water cooler and everything.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, well let's travel back to a time when political campaigns were not streaming on the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: They were in like, I guess, IDK newspapers and stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: And DarkSakura, what did you pick for the classic game tonight?
[SPEAKER_03]: I picked Ark the Lad.
[SPEAKER_03]: So this was a series of tactical roleplay games that were created by Tsuchida Toshiro and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment, though originally developed by G-Craft.
[SPEAKER_03]: Each of the games has reoccurring characters and locations and an always constant timeline.
[SPEAKER_03]: But we are going to start with the first game.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it came out in 1995, developed by G-Craft and published, like I said, by Sony Computer Entertainment for PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_03]: It only came out in Japan.
[SPEAKER_03]: But eventually there was a release outside of Japan when Arc the Lad Collection came out.
[SPEAKER_03]: I actually did import this and just never got around to playing it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So you have an area where each of your character can go, like Final Fantasy Tactics or Tactics Over.
[SPEAKER_03]: and you have blue tiles that you can move on that put you in range of melee attacks or distance attacks depending on what you can do but unlike something like Final Fantasy Tactics it's not isometric so you have all the tiles of the same size and shape and to use Fire Emblem as another example these are
[SPEAKER_03]: These use fewer characters at once in a battle rather than a whole army of characters.
[SPEAKER_03]: So outside of the battles, you have areas on the map that you access.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have to go through and choose where you're going to go, and then you get the map of that place, and then you have to go into a highlighted area.
[SPEAKER_03]: They prompt you to save.
[SPEAKER_03]: you really can't select a town in this only dungeons and fields and whatnot so it was for fans of tactics games this is a good one this is one of the games that made me realize I don't like tactics games but it's a very important one
[SPEAKER_03]: so anyway at the end of the game you can save after you beat the final boss but this save clears save data that you would do you would bring to a new game in Arc the Lad 2 so you transfer over your character stuff with your save file and I'm not going to get too much into the story
[SPEAKER_03]: um but it's it was intentionally designed to be short um you could only access a few of the continents in this one but it expands in Ark the Lad too so they build on each other you know and uh
[SPEAKER_03]: It's supposed to just go completely in this order.
[SPEAKER_03]: The music in here was actually recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
[SPEAKER_03]: The tracks in the game are sequenced
[SPEAKER_03]: But the orchestrated pieces and the ending are streamed music.
[SPEAKER_03]: As far as its release, Famicom Tsushin scored this a 31 out of 40.
[SPEAKER_03]: Next Generation gave it a 4 out of 5 stars, saying that it has a deeply involved storyline and highly attractive graphics.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're highly attractive.
[SPEAKER_03]: And a soundtrack, quote, which rivals any big budget Hollywood production.
[SPEAKER_03]: So in Japan, it sold 697,000 units in 1995, which made it the ninth best-selling game of the year.
[SPEAKER_03]: The budget we released got a gold prize from Sony in May 1998, and its sales went above 500,000 units.
[SPEAKER_03]: So overall, the game has sold over 1,587,000 units in Japan.
[SPEAKER_03]: So in North America, you know, we wanted this.
[SPEAKER_03]: We tried.
[SPEAKER_03]: Two different third-party publishers in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_03]: offered to translate and publish the game, but Sony Computer Entertainment of America refused to license the game in North America.
[SPEAKER_03]: And there were so many write-ins, so many letters.
[SPEAKER_03]: Finally, in 1996, they caved in and announced the game for North America for fourth quarter 1996.
[SPEAKER_03]: and then it was you know as the date was coming on there were insiders saying that it would have both Arc the Lad and Arc the Lad 2 with the end of game save being used to unlock the second game and then the release was cancelled
[SPEAKER_03]: but it did eventually come out as Ark the Lad Collection in April 2002 for PS1.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is a year and a half after the PS2's October release and
[SPEAKER_03]: The game was mostly unchanged.
[SPEAKER_03]: The color was updated from 16-bit to 24-bit color in movie sequences, and they added DualShock Vibration.
[SPEAKER_03]: The localization changes had them westernize a lot of names, which is kind of stupid.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sumeria became Seria, Ramada became Amidar.
[SPEAKER_06]: and Alibarsha became Zaraban and it sold decently it sold 51,665 units by 2003 and that's the game, Mark the Lad I have to admit it's a game that I kind of always wanted to play and then like never got around to but yeah I like that at least they're short if I ever want to play them compared to most RPGs so
[SPEAKER_03]: well they're they're meant to I think this is like one of the early earlier examples of full-on episodic content yeah that's my thought on this without actually calling it such true true all right but you know it's it's a game that really sparked a lot of a lot of attention and a lot of desire that I think was highly mishandled if Sony had put it out when you know
[SPEAKER_03]: When people were offering to translate and localize it, they would have made a lot more money off of it in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, for sure.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: Your classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's move on to some rapid fire news and hit on some other headlines going on around the gaming world.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, Sony just let us know that LittleBigPlanet 3 is going to be basically discontinued and delisted off of the Sony PlayStation Storefront for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess the PlayStation 3 version is probably already gone already.
[SPEAKER_08]: The PlayStation 4 version and the DLC for it is going to be delisted on October 31st.
[SPEAKER_08]: So if you want to purchase that, now is the time to do that because you won't be able to otherwise.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's kind of sad because the first two days disappeared overnight practically and that wasn't that long ago, all things considered.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's sad.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then we got word that Goat Simulator 3 is going to be ported to the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on October 24th.
[SPEAKER_08]: So you'll be able to play those on slightly older systems.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, I have this and that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um...
[SPEAKER_03]: So there are some layoffs happening because no one's surprised.
[SPEAKER_03]: Cryptic Studios is laying off some staff at the end of this month.
[SPEAKER_03]: It had already done a bunch of layoffs, but now after October 31st, there'll be more people.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hate saying let go because they're just really being just fired because they can't afford them.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, because of their own failure as a company.
[SPEAKER_03]: So one of the character artists, Amelia March, said that she and many coworkers have been impacted by the most recent layoff and wishes the best for fellow Kryptonians.
[SPEAKER_03]: And several people have put that they're leaving at the end of the month.
[SPEAKER_03]: A lot of artists, they're not really saying how many,
[SPEAKER_03]: But, I mean, this is the company that owns Neverwinter and Star Trek Online.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Unhappy.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, in, I guess, happier news, hopefully, we have a pretty cool collection coming up from Digital Eclipse.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's Tetris Forever, which is their Gold Master Series number three game.
[SPEAKER_06]: And we know this is coming at some point this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if we have a specific date, but it's coming to pretty much all the consoles and PC later this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's Tetris Forever.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now we know exactly what Tetris games will be included.
[SPEAKER_06]: They are...
[SPEAKER_06]: The original Tetris from the Electronica 60 in 1984.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tetris from the Apple II in 1988 by Spectrum Holobyte.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tetris the NES version or the Famicom version from 1988 in bulletproof software.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hatris on the Famicom from 1990, bulletproof software.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tetris II Bomb Bliss, bulletproof software in 1990 on the Famicom.
[SPEAKER_06]: We have two other versions of Hatris, Game Boy and the Nintendo Entertainment System.
[SPEAKER_06]: Note that's different from Famicom.
[SPEAKER_06]: Then we also have Super Tetris 2 and Bomb Bliss from the Super Famicom, Tetris Battle Gaiden from the Super Famicom, Super Tetris 2 and Bomb Bliss Genteban came out on the Super Famicom as well, Super Tetris 3 from the Super Famicom, Super Bomb Bliss on the Game Boy, Super Bomb Bliss on the Super Famicom, and Super Bomb Bliss DX 1998.
[SPEAKER_06]: on the Game Boy.
[SPEAKER_06]: There also is a brand new Tetris Time Warp that will let you warp through different eras of Tetris.
[SPEAKER_06]: It looks a little bit like Tetranet, and that's what makes me excited.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, Tetranet.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: I miss you.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it doesn't have the letters, so I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it has that four-player well look to it, so...
[SPEAKER_06]: Still, it looks pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm very excited about it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Of course, it's all that documentary stuff that Digital Eclipse has gotten really good at through the Atari 50 and making of Karateka and all the era they've been going through with that engine.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm pretty sure the Tetris for Everything is going to be pretty sweet whenever it comes out.
[SPEAKER_06]: I look forward to playing it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's travel around the world and check out some games I'll be playing a lot sooner with world release dates.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, what's coming out in the U.S.?
[SPEAKER_08]: There are so many things.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's that time of year, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: It is that time of year, fourth quarter, so we've got 9 RIP on Nintendo Switch, Darksiders 2 Definitive Edition on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, Drova the Forsaken Kin on PC, Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series, Just Dance 2025 Edition on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series, and
[SPEAKER_08]: We have Neva on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_08]: New World, Aetherium, and that's on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have Nico Derrico, The Magical World on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_08]: Squirrel with a Gun on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just skip it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's awful.
[SPEAKER_03]: I tried to like it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was... It controls so badly.
[SPEAKER_08]: The controls are so awful.
[SPEAKER_08]: The camera... So bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: The...
[SPEAKER_01]: It's all bad I really wanted to like it
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, if Coffee Stain made the game, it would be good.
[SPEAKER_08]: Whoever made this game absolutely did not... Did you playtest the game?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's awful.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just so bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyways, Wizardry, Variance, Daphne on iOS and Android.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have 8-Bit Adventures 2 on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_08]: Crow County on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
[SPEAKER_08]: MechWarrior 5 Clans on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Age of Empires Mobile on iOS and Android Amelia's Garden on Nintendo Switch We have Arsene Lupin, Once a Thief on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Looks like
[SPEAKER_08]: Astlibra, Gaiden, The Cave of Phantom Mist on Nintendo Switch, A Quiet Place, The Road Ahead on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series, Blazing Strike on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5, Etern Knights on Nintendo Switch,
[SPEAKER_08]: Killing Time Resurrected on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series We have Kimi ga Nozomu Ein Enhanced Edition
[SPEAKER_08]: on PC, Ricolette on Nintendo Switch, Super Mario Party Jamboree on Nintendo Switch, Tinkertown on Xbox One and Xbox Series, Tintin Reporter Cigars of the Phantom on Nintendo Switch, and
[SPEAKER_08]: Retro Realms Halloween on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series as well as Retro Realms Ash vs. Evil Dead also on those same systems Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutants Unleashed on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series
[SPEAKER_08]: And last but not least, Unknown 9 Awakening on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_06]: Enough games, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: Damn.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just kidding.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's that time of year.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's go to Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's check out what's happening there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nintendo Switch on the 15th of October.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just Dance 2025 Edition.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it's just a code in a box.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's literally the code in a box edition.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just a code in a box.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just...
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm just a code in a box.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: On the 17th, not so much a code in a box.
[SPEAKER_06]: Super Mario Party Jamboree.
[SPEAKER_06]: Of course, that's a worldwide release, so no surprise there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Recklet, also out on the 17th of October.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you want some new charging stands, there's one of those being released on the 17th as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is actually it on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's kind of surprising.
[SPEAKER_06]: A little slower in Japan compared to what Loki just read off.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, how about Europe?
[SPEAKER_03]: so on the 15th for PC, PS5, Xboxes is New World Aeternium for the metas on the 15th as well as Just Dance VR for PS5 and Xbox also on the 15th is Girl with a Gun I wish they would just fix this it could be so good
[SPEAKER_03]: Also, PC, Switch, PS5, Xbox Series is Neva.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also for the same ones is Just Dance 2025 Edition.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is the last one on the 15th is Nico Danico, The Magical World on Switch, PS5, Xbox.
[SPEAKER_03]: On the 16th for Switch and PS4 is Crow Country.
[SPEAKER_03]: On the 17th is Super Mario Party Jamboree.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also in the 17th is A Quiet Place The Road Ahead for PC, PS5, Xbox.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll just call that the Microsofts.
[SPEAKER_03]: On the 18th for PC, PS4, PS5, Xboxes is Unknown Nine Awakening.
[SPEAKER_03]: And finally on PC, Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, etc.
[SPEAKER_03]: On the 18th is Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutants Unleashed.
[SPEAKER_03]: I reckon they stopped calling them Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles like a while back.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think they did officially finally stop calling him that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, nice to get that dick out of your ass.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it's kind of like, you know, at some point they finally admitted the Final Fantasy games were numbered differently here in the States.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know what Contra was, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Probotector?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, yeah, that's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: It sounds like what aliens do when they kidnap you.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sorry, we need to probotect the human.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's go strap them down.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is, of course, what aliens sound like translated into English with the universal translator.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's do a couple more news stories for you, and then we're going to get to the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think we actually have an email tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm so excited.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_06]: We have one.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we have some headlines.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hey, I'll take it.
[SPEAKER_06]: One's better than none.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, we got a headline first from you.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, so all those rumors about Red Dead Redemption coming to PC eventually finally come true.
[SPEAKER_08]: So Rockstar Games has announced that the original Red Dead Redemption will hit PC at the end of October along with Undead Nightmare.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's gonna have native 4K resolution up to 144Hz refresh and a bunch of other stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: The caveat here, and if you may remember recent reports, it's Rockstar Games is not the one doing the PC port.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a collaboration with Double Eleven.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know who they are.
[SPEAKER_08]: So let's just wait for the game to come out and see how good it is or if they decided to go the route of Grove Street Games and just...
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey ChatGPT, can you like port this over to PC for me, please?
[SPEAKER_08]: You know?
[SPEAKER_08]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh dear.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not in any hurry to play the older game, but it's neat that they're putting it out, I guess.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, on one final note, I guess in the spirit of the Halloween season, we can talk about the movie Terrifier.
[SPEAKER_06]: Terrifier is, you know, I guess a newer franchise in the horror world.
[SPEAKER_06]: Actually, I know, you know, obviously I run with a lot of horror crowds.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know quite a bit about Terrifier.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know these movies are not for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: They are not for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can enjoy horror movies and say I don't
[SPEAKER_06]: Do not want to see the Terrifier movies.
[SPEAKER_06]: They are too much for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: Too much gore and all that type of stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: These get pretty intense.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the interesting thing about Terrifier, I don't know if you all know, but the box office numbers just came out.
[SPEAKER_06]: Terrifier 3 beat Joker this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fully adieu.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's not a high bar to clear.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've heard stories about the intent behind that Joker movie.
[SPEAKER_06]: yeah so and so well the Joker movie is not doing well Terrifier obviously has its fans there are people that love their gore movies and that's fine I'm not I'm never here to tell somebody they can't have what they like as long as they're not hurting anybody and movies are fake they're not hurting anybody so you know have fun I just will not be there but this could be a little more my jam because this takes Terrifier and now puts it in a pixelated video game that looks like Scott Pilgrim that
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: It is, you know, an old school beat-em-up type of thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Select-A-Play is the game publisher that's going to be making Terrifier the arcade game, because the character's name is Art, get it?
[SPEAKER_06]: Being made by indie studio Relevo.
[SPEAKER_06]: And of course, it is a classic beat-em-up.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's got other characters.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Veronica is probably one of them and some of the other characters in the movie.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's going to be out on PC, PS5, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox at some point in 2025 where I would assume at this point
[SPEAKER_06]: They're gonna be well underway on Terrifier 4 because it's yeah that first movie was made for like a nickel and it did it didn't make a ton of money but it made enough it made its budget back tenfold then that second movie because of how disgusting it is everybody was talking about it and it just made it like the must-see most in picture so I think Terrifier 2 maybe only made like 10 million at the box office but that was on like a two million dollar budget
[SPEAKER_06]: and now I think Terrifier 3 has like a five million dollar budget and now it's is it number one at the box office this weekend it might have been number one if Joker wasn't I think there was a lot of movies afraid to go up against Joker so that's wild
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm more excited for the Rocky Horror Picture Show game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, me too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Camp is my kind of horror.
[SPEAKER_06]: I like camp.
[SPEAKER_06]: I like Sleepaway Camp, Elvira.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's my kind of horror.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not so much Terrifier.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I think it's fun that that exists and have fun if that's your thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Although there's still people who are screaming to have art in Dead by Daylight There were mock-ups and everything that people did trying to...
[SPEAKER_06]: They've had that whole creative team here in Sacramento at that convention Because again, those movies took a while to become very popular And so you could get a picture with the guy in his full-ass costume and makeup if you wanted And I know people that did And now it's funny to think that now that Terrifier is a big thing He probably doesn't do that as much anymore So it's pretty wild
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, think about the Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise.
[SPEAKER_06]: True.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, as I was researching games, because I'm trying to figure out what games I want to do for my YouTube series, and I was thinking I might want to do some, you know, for Halloween week, I want to do some, you know, there's a Texas Chainsaw Massacre game on Atari 2600.
[SPEAKER_06]: I completely forgot that that was a thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: That costs $800.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, it's really rare.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's really rare.
[SPEAKER_03]: I saw one.
[SPEAKER_06]: I took a picture of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was at that and the Halloween game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, yeah, yeah, there was a Halloween game on the Atari as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: I forgot about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna probably play some scary classics.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will probably do the Friday the 13th NES game because I'm a defender of that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Friday the 13th NES is better than people say it is, but it has its problems, but it's better than people say it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_06]: SS2100Matt says he apparently wants to play the next Joker, the actor that plays Art.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know what, though?
[SPEAKER_06]: He'd be better than Jared Leto.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, let's get to the Lister Roundtable.
[SPEAKER_06]: Once again, not a high bar to clear.
[SPEAKER_06]: And from what I understand, the guy is really cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, you know, obviously his character is a fucking terror paralysis night demon, but it's acting.
[SPEAKER_06]: The guy behind him is actually really cool from what I understand, what I've heard.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, let's get to the list of round table and you guys interacting with us.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you have questions, you can certainly put those in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can also email us every week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Participate at orange.com is our email address.
[SPEAKER_06]: And as I teased earlier, I think we have an email, don't we, DarkSakra?
[SPEAKER_03]: We do.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hello, peoples.
[SPEAKER_03]: About Alarmo, am I the only one whose deal breaker when it comes to alarm clocks is that it must be a clock radio?
[SPEAKER_03]: I've woken up to my local radio morning show since high school and would very much like to continue doing so.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alarmo doesn't have this feature, so I'm not interested in it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also, I don't like that the motion sensing feature is always on because I always feel like someone's watching me and I have no privacy.
[SPEAKER_03]: I always feel like somebody's watching me.
[SPEAKER_03]: Staycare Redertainment I see no point in it because I have a sunrise clock and I have an Apple Watch and I have my iPhone my system is perfect the light comes on it's like dawn in my face so yes
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't need it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Don't want it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I understand there is an audience for Alarmo, and I think it certainly is random.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think anybody could predict.
[SPEAKER_06]: With all the hot takes from Nintendo, nobody predicted they're going to make an alarm clock was on their list of 2024 predictions.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I don't hate it for people that, yeah, that works for their lifestyle.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm kind of with Jamie.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have my system that works for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have my phone alarm in the watch.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I like...
[SPEAKER_06]: I will say this, with the watch, I like the subtle little tapping it does.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if you've noticed this, Jamie, or if yours does the same thing, but when the alarm first goes off, the watch is like, hey, hey, tap, tap, tap, tap, get up, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
[SPEAKER_06]: It just lightly taps on your wrist for a little bit, and then the tapping gets a little more intense, and then the music kicks in if you're still not moving.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I like that subtle wake up.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's, yeah, that's...
[SPEAKER_06]: that's the system that works for me just like you have a system of entertainment with the AM radio and that's to be fair that's that's the attitude radio stations locally love to hear because radio stations have been hurting with everything on the internet and you know satellite not just satellite but internet radio and Spotify and all this that you know you can wake up to podcasts and all that now it's a weird thought to think somebody out there in the world might be waking up to this show but um more power to you if you are um
[SPEAKER_06]: But local AM radio loves to hear that.
[SPEAKER_06]: And to be fair, or AM or FM, sorry, whatever radio, it is kind of nice to get the traffic updates, the weather updates.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is kind of nice to wake up and know, oh, it's going to be a jacket or hoodie day.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or, oh, there's a 17-car pileup on the way to work.
[SPEAKER_06]: I probably should leave early and that sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: And there are many people in chat saying,
[SPEAKER_06]: Cats, dogs, that's the alarm.
[SPEAKER_06]: The pets are the alarm.
[SPEAKER_06]: And PrincePeachFuzz in chat says, do you not have phones?
[SPEAKER_06]: Don't you all have phones?
[SPEAKER_03]: Some people like to have an alarm clock, you know?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, it's just how it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, to each their own, or to use the whole quote as my grandma would say, to each their own, to the woman as she kissed the cow.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, S2100 Matt says, remember all the hate mail you'd get, Rob, for not getting the podcast up right away because folks needed the show for their commute Monday?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, seriously.
[SPEAKER_06]: In fact, if I'm too late on Sunday night, I may get a call.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't get angry emails from the British folks overseas or anybody across the pond.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't get angry emails, but I will get the, oh, well, I was a little concerned because I didn't see the podcast up on the feed, so I thought maybe there wasn't a show this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, like a much more polite complaint.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: So yeah, if I don't get the show up by midnight, my time, then I'll miss the deadline for people getting up over there.
[SPEAKER_06]: So this is funny.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you for the email.
[SPEAKER_06]: I appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Participate at orangelawandtrader.com is the place to send those emails.
[SPEAKER_06]: With that, we're getting towards the end of the show, but I will check in with Loki to see if there's any last minute emails.
[SPEAKER_08]: uh yeah i did have one thing um real quick that uh apparently limited run games has announced that they're going to be doing re-releases of all of the mainline yakuza games from zero to six and they're going to have fancy special editions i guess so pre-orders are open now or people have been getting into it since like a dragon i guess that makes sense so yeah yeah
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, E3VL with a comment in our chat saying you should update the Twitch schedule if there's no show.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a good idea.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it's like, it's like set up as a reoccurring right now because it would be a lot to go in there and set it up one by one.
[SPEAKER_06]: That is a good call out.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will say, I will encourage.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is difficult because I don't use social media or I don't use X particularly.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, so...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: Unless it's a... No, I don't think we've ever pinged people on the Discord.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was going to say an exception, unless it's a dire emergency, but even then, I don't think we've done it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, vognetwork.com slash Discord, and if we're ever going to miss a show, we'll tell you on there.
[SPEAKER_06]: You'll be the first to know on our Discord server.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then, of course, if you are listening live, we would encourage you to listen to Mr. Blackwolf, who's on before us, and even if you're only able to catch the last 10 minutes of his show, he will always let you know there's no OLR on tonight for the
[SPEAKER_08]: I think that's all I can think of for now if there's no other last minute stories to answer chat PrincePeachFuzz have you tried the new Red Bull flavors?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't try anything other than the regular Red Bull there's so many flavors I have no interest to try any of them I don't know, I like what I like
[SPEAKER_06]: It's piss colored.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, piss Red Bull.
[SPEAKER_06]: Original piss.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't look at it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's in a can.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's in my mouth.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't, like, watch it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It'll taste gross, too.
[SPEAKER_06]: When I was in my 20s, and this is very much a when I was in my 20s story, because I don't know how the fuck I did this.
[SPEAKER_06]: When Rob was a young warthog.
[SPEAKER_06]: When I was in my 20s, I used to drink Red Bull and vodka.
[SPEAKER_06]: and I don't know how like looking back I was taking literal speed ups and slow downs at the same time what was I doing to myself it's like accelerating and braking at the same time you're just peeling out it's the lesser form of taking Valium and Adderall burnout
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll try this at home I'll tell you what I did I had a thing of the little cans and that was it
[SPEAKER_08]: I did have, now this is like way behind the curve here, but I did finally try the video because apparently in W the fast food chain has
[SPEAKER_08]: Captain Crunch milkshakes which don't try them they're just vanilla milkshakes with some Captain Crunch in them that's lame but what they apparently have and I did not realize that they had this probably forever now was root beer freezes which is essentially a root beer float that they blend together those are fantastic that you absolutely need to have I don't like root beer floats
[SPEAKER_06]: PrincePeachFuzz is asking me, and I'm assuming this is a mixed drink, how many black Supermans have you had back when?
[SPEAKER_06]: I've never heard of that drink.
[SPEAKER_03]: What is that?
[SPEAKER_06]: What is it?
[SPEAKER_06]: I am looking this up.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a drink I used to have that, in retrospect, I think has a really inappropriate name, but it's a glass of Guinness, and you drop a shot of something on fire.
[SPEAKER_03]: Wow!
[SPEAKER_06]: What was it?
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, this sounds tasty, but very alcoholy.
[SPEAKER_06]: What is it?
[SPEAKER_03]: A half ounce vodka, half ounce Cointreau, half ounce gin, half ounce white rum, half ounce blue croissant, one half ounce Chambord, and two ounces of sweet and sour mix.
[SPEAKER_06]: That sounds like an adios, but somehow worse.
[SPEAKER_03]: And here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have all but two of the ingredients.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love Chambord and I love Cointreau and I honestly think though with those flavors the gin that I have the Aoyuki gin would be really good in that too it's a strawberry gin uh so Prince Peach Fuzz I've never had that drink but I will say there is a little bar uh
[SPEAKER_06]: Family Rainbow Bar here that I used to go to a lot more often than I do these days.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they would sell adios pretty cheap.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think you get adios for seven or eight bucks.
[SPEAKER_03]: Do you remember that night I had two of them?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Two is all you need and it's over.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is a good night.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, I had other drinks too, but then I had two of them and then we went back.
[SPEAKER_03]: Were you there when we went back to Tia's apartment?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: Or maybe I was with Jessica.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, because, okay, no, no.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because I ate fried chicken in Tia's bed and then the smell of pot made me nauseous.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was going to say that was the night when everybody was smoking.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, not everybody, but a lot of people were smoking weed and it made me so sick and that was the night I thought I was allergic to marijuana.
[SPEAKER_03]: I am allergic to the smoke.
[SPEAKER_03]: The smoke will set off nausea in me.
[SPEAKER_03]: And pod culture, the Adios motherfucker will beat a warp core breach into the ground.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I have drunk two full warp core breaches by myself in my prime.
[SPEAKER_06]: The first time I ever got drunk... You were there for one, Rob.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is well documented by Travis Donovan on his old program, Under Station Live.
[SPEAKER_06]: The first time I ever got drunk was at the Star Trek experience at the Las Vegas Hilton off of Warp Corps Breach.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I have had both, and I will say on audios, fuck me up faster.
[SPEAKER_06]: yeah yeah but a warp core is good we're not gonna we're not gonna say warp cores are bad because they're not it was a good drink I miss the start that is the biggest crime of humanity one of the one of the biggest crimes of humanity is the Star Trek experience no longer exists in any shape or form they could do so much with it now with Discovery and you know it's a fucking crime like put it in a universal park or something even though it's a paramount all we were missing were Morn and some drunk Klingons
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, well, the Merc is still the place to get cheap things.
[SPEAKER_06]: I forgot you were local.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was the place.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was the place I would go to in my 20s and get an Adios cheap.
[SPEAKER_03]: I stopped going to the Merc when it became a little bit more... It's a tourist bar now.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah...
[SPEAKER_03]: But at least, like, you'll get a good hookup if you're not a tourist.
[SPEAKER_06]: Once I hit a certain age, I just said, well, I guess I'm going to the bowl.
[SPEAKER_03]: Amaretto Sours in a pint glass.
[SPEAKER_03]: I used to go there all the time with sister stuff, but we just sort of, like, the vibe there just got worse and worse.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was going to say, I never see them there, which is probably for the best, because...
[SPEAKER_06]: The local group is very misogynist too Not that I should be doxing myself on air, but I go out, I do things, I'm a human being I have a drink on a Friday night sometimes Do they still have that Simpsons pinball party there?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is Simpsons Pinball Parade still.
[SPEAKER_03]: It needs work.
[SPEAKER_03]: That machine needs love.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: We should end the show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's wrap it up.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you so much for listening to our show.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put on air.
[SPEAKER_06]: A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, or YouTube, wherever you found this show.
[SPEAKER_03]: they go an awful long way and super appreciate that let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts DarkSakura we'll start with you because I'm sure you are off to stream I am going to try Dead by Daylight tonight I don't know if I can load survivor matches if I can then I will gladly do open lobbies if not then I will be playing killer so we'll see what happens wish me luck and let's hope it doesn't fuck it up luck
[SPEAKER_08]: alright, bye bye let's see, Loki, we're off to you, your final thought I'm forgetting to mention it for the last few weeks, but I noticed that on X or whatever that the Game Over podcast found our tweets or whatever and made comments, but they're all in Spanish so I don't understand what they're saying
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if it's positive or negative.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm assuming positive, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not if they maybe take issue with some of the things we said on the show, but it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll go look it up later.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, it was just announcing the stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: It didn't seem negative, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, I'll go look it up.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Google Translate.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm surprised you just didn't.
[SPEAKER_06]: Doesn't Twitter even have the Translate thing built into it?
[SPEAKER_08]: It does, but I didn't want to just go by whatever they said, you know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Then my final thought will be... My final thought is, well, number one, I should have shouted out Bear Dive as a local spot earlier because they are a great little joint here locally.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I need to make sure they get their shout out.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then my other shout out will be congratulations to the winner of Big Brother.
[SPEAKER_06]: A show that I hate to admit that I like, but I do.
[SPEAKER_06]: I won't spoil it for people that haven't watched it yet.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it's the person that won I kind of thought was going to win for quite some time.
[SPEAKER_06]: So congrats.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're done.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're out of here for the night.
[SPEAKER_06]: Have a wonderful week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_06]: We will see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_09]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_09]: See you next week.